docs: Update links in documentation and fix spelling mistakes (#3238)
timber/timber: docs/v1/guides/cookbook-images.md

## Arbitrary resizing of images

> Want to resize an image? Here we're going to use [Twig Filters](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/2.x/filters/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to resize an image? Here we’re going to use [Twig Filters](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/2.x/filters/index.html).
```
